<h1>Scrabble God</h1>
Coded mainly in C#, this program searches for the best solution given a state in a game of Scrabble.

This project consists of 2 parts: the web interface, and the program itself.

- The <b>web</b> part, coded in simple HTML and Python using <a href="https://www.brython.info/">Brython</a>, a Python implementation for client-side web programming which executes Python code on a web browser. This part provides a graphical Scrabble board in which user can input a game state and the tiles available to play the next move. Based on the current state and tiles, the user can generate a command understood by the <b>program</b>, save the current state to a string, and load a previously saved state using this outputted string.
- The <b>program</b> part, coded in pure C#, must be ran seperately on a Command Prompt window on Windows using the executable <u>Scrabble Cheater.exe</u>. It takes inputs from the user, generated by the <b>web</b> part, and iterates through every possible combination and permutation of tiles placement on the current board to try to find the best possible move yielding the highest score.

The idea is not complicated, so I first built this project using pure Python and Brython and wanted to output the best solution on the same web page. However, as the board gets more complex, and the user has blanks in the rack, the number of iterations multiples by 26 times with 1 blank and 351 times with two blanks. Plus the limitations of Brython not being able to implements multiprocessing on the web browser, it was nearly impossible to execute the code efficiently.

So I turned to a typed language, and the candidates were C# or C++. At first I thought C++ was a clear winner, but after comparing their execution time for the codes below, I chose C#.

<b>Python</b>, execution time: <b>~67 seconds</b>
```
for i in range(10000001):  # ten millions
    res = i**2
print(res)
```

<b>C++</b>, execution time: <b>0.31 second</b>
```
#include <iostream>

int main() {
    long long volatile res{};
    for (long long i{}; i < 10000001; i++)
        res = i * i;
    std::cout << res;
    return 0;
}
```

<b>C#</b>, execution time: <b>0.11 second</b>
```
using System;

class Program
{
    static void Main()
    {
        long res;
        for (long i = 0; i < 10000001; i++)
            res = i * i;
        Console.WriteLine(res);
    }
}
```

Maybe the iteration test above doesn't say everything about the performance between C# and C++, and it's very probable that if I had coded this project in C++, it would have a clearly better execution time. But I'm more comfortable in C# anyway, and the performance is OUTSTANDING compared to the snail-like previous one using Python, so I'm happy.
